doc: add note about `process-unmapped-keys` to `unmod` (#1228)
jtroo/kanata: docs/config.adoc

This action only releases the `lsft,rsft` keys.
This can be useful for forcing unshifted keys while AltGr is still held.

> NOTE: In case the modifiers to be undone are not part of the source layout,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In case the modifiers to be undone are not part of `defsrc`,
```
